I'm going to now show you how to create your own tokens by using OpenZeppelin's library.
It makes a process very easy.
What is OpenZeppelin?
It is a library for writing smart contracts on Ethereum.
With OpenZeppelin, you can quickly build your own token contracts.
They have already implement all the functions like we did in our previous video.
You just have to define some basic parameters like total supply,
name you token, symbol of your token and the number of decimals.
So, they've implemented all the functions for you.
They also implement really good error handling,
so there is no need to reinvent the wheel.
All you have to do is import one of the token files.
So, let me show you this is OpenZeppelin's GitHub page.
You're just going to go type OpenZeppelin in Google.
So, I guess the pretty much the first link opened up as this much is a GitHub page.
So, they have bunch of tokens files here.
So, let's go to the contracts one, okay?
So, I'm going to zoom in a little.
So, you're going to go to the contracts and then go to token.
Then you'll see you have many different standards here.
See that they have 721 typed also,
so I'm going to go to the ERC20.
Then again, they have multiple different contract.
I'm stun. Implement it.
So, we're just going to go pick one.
Now, if you see this is what we did in our previous video also,
the implemented towards supply.
We implemented balance of.
They've already done this for us,
so there is a transfer function.
Right here there's transferring and implemented all the stuff.
They have the approved function.
They also have implemented the transfer form function.
So, they done everything for you.
All you need is to give the name of the token,
the total supply and some option parameters and you're all set.
So, now let's go back and use a Truffle to,
in fact use a terminal to make sure that we have Truffle installed.
Once you have Truffle installed,
we're going to write a simple contract that just imports one of these files.
We should be all set to go.
Okay. So, let's go to our terminal now.
Okay. So, we have a terminal window open here.
The first thing we're going to do is install Truffle and npm install Truffle.
I have that installed already on my computer,
I'm not going to hit Enter.
So again, the first thing you do is install Truffle.
All the commands are listed on the bottom of the screen for you.
So, once you've installed you Truffle,
then next thing you want to do is make a directory
for all your folders and all your files
and all your contracts and test folders and migration folders, and all those files.
So, you're going to make a file.
I'm going to call folder and I'm going to call it solidity.
Once you have the folder,
you're going to cd inside the folder again.
Okay. Once you have your inside the folder,
now you're going to do Truffle in it,
where you will install your initial folders.
That Truffle in it installs for you,
it installs a bunch of folders,
a node modules folder.
It's going to install your initial contract,
migrations file and a migrations contract.
So, this is where we are going to start working and create more contracts inside it.
So, the next thing you want to do like I said is Truffle in it.
Once you have everything set up,
now we need to install two package, two packages.
The first one is the Truffle HDWalletProvider and the second is OpenZeppelin-solidity.
The Truffle HDWalletProvider is
something that is required because it installs a provider.
This is what will connect to your web three to the world of Ethereum.
So for doing that you,
will do npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider.
Okay. So, you'll do npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider.
Again I have that already installed,
so that's one package you need to install and the second whether
td installed is npm install the openzeppelin.
Now, this is the whole library
that comes along with all the input for the contracts that you can import,
all the different token contracts.
You, we will just import one of them for our existing contract.
So openzeppelin-solidity.
Again, all the command are listed on the bottom of the screen.
So this is what you'll do, install.
Now we have everything all set up.,
So if I show you we have a folder package,
so we have a builds, a build folder, the contracts folder.
We are going to make our own contract inside this folder.
We're going to also create a migration file inside this folder.
We have these two files.
These are the configuration file,
the truffle-config.js is used for Windows.
The truffle.js is going to use,
is going to be used for a Mac.
So, we're all set with our installation of the modules.
So, this is, I have a folder already ready here.
So, it creates a basic template for you.
So, the first step that you're going to do is,
you're going to go to contracts folder.
You're going to go to contract folder.
It gives you the migrations by default.
You're going to create another file here and you can name it.
I think I'm going to call it sample token,
because that's the name of my token that I'm calling,
some sample token not SOL.
Within that I'm going to write this piece of code.
Again, this piece of code is again pasted on
the bottom of the screen of this video for you.
So, what we're doing is that we're importing that file.
The ERC 20 that we just downloaded and it's a Node modules.
I've walked you to that file very soon.
So, I'm seeing contract sample token is that contract.
So, it's inheriting from that I'm giving a name of my contract,
I'm giving it a symbol, I'm giving it decimals.
I'm also setting initial supply already 2,000,
since its decim-18 decimals.
I'm doing that calculation right here.
You can leave the calculation.
I just wanted to show you if you want to divide your tokens, so you can do that.
Then, you have a constructor function where you are setting.
Now these are coming from your ERC 20 contract, because you're inheriting it.
Okay. So, you're setting these two variables
because that's the contract that's implementing all these functions.
I'm just setting them initially to whatever I want to set to.
So, that's all I need to do.